Golf is a sport in which individual players or teams hit a ball into a hole using various clubs, and also is one of the few ball games that does not use a fixed standard playing area. 
It is defined in the rules of golf as "playing a ball with a club from the teeing ground into the hole by a stroke or successive strokes in accordance with the rules."

Anatomy of a golf course
 
The famous 17th hole of the TPC at Sawgrass Stadium Course. 
Tee for the first hole at The Links at Spanish BayGolf is played on an area of land designated as the course. 
The course consists of a series of holes. A hole means both the hole in the ground into which the ball is played (also called the cup), as well as the total distance from the tee (a pre-determined area from where a ball is first hit) to the green (the low cut area surrounding the actual hole in the ground). 
Most golf courses consist of eighteen holes.

Play of the game

Every game of golf is based on playing a number of holes in a given order. 
A round typically consists of 18 holes that are played in the order determined by the course layout. 
On a nine-hole course, a standard round consists of two successive nine-hole rounds. 
A hole of golf consists of hitting a ball from a tee on the teeing box (a marked area designated for the first shot of a hole, a tee shot), and once the ball comes to rest, striking it again. 
This process is repeated until the ball is in the cup. 
Once the ball is on the green (an area of finely cut grass) the ball is usually putted (hit along the ground) into the hole. 
The idea of resting the ball in the hole in as few strokes as possible may be impeded by various hazards, such as bunkers and water hazards.

Scoring

In every form of play, the goal is to play as few shots per round as possible. Scores for each hole can be described as follows:

Term on a scoreboard Specific term Definition 
-3 Albatross three strokes under par 
-2 Eagle two strokes under par 
-1 Birdie one stroke under par 
0 Par strokes equal to par 
+1 Bogey one stroke more than par 
+2 Double bogey two strokes over par 
+3 Triple bogey three strokes over par 

